7. The insured persons must be in good health.


# PART 3: DEFINITIONS


In this Policy, unless otherwise defined or the context otherwise requires:



<table><tr><td>TERM</td><td>MEANING</td></tr><tr><td>Accident or Accidental</td><td>A sudden and unforeseen event that solely and independently results in either of the<br>following:<br>(a) Injury, disablement or death and which is not caused by any Illness or medical<br>condition; or<br>(b) loss of or damage to property</td></tr><tr><td>Act of Terrorism</td><td>Use of force or violence, including the use of nuclear, chemical and biological substances,<br>causing damage, Injury or disruption or commission of an act dangerous to human life or<br>property, against any individual, property or government with the objective of pursuing<br>economic, ethnic, nationalistic, political, racial or religious interests, whether such interests are declared or not.<br>Terrorism also includes any act that is verified or recognised by the (relevant) government as<br>an act of Terrorism.<br>Robberies or other criminal acts primarily committed for personal gain and acts arising<br>primarily from prior personal relationships between perpetrator(s) and victim(s) will not be<br>considered Terrorism.</td></tr><tr><td>Country of Origin/Home Country</td><td>Any country to which You are granted rights of citizenship or permanent residence by the<br>respective governmental authorities, excluding Singapore.</td></tr><tr><td>COVID-19</td><td>refers to:<br>(a) Coronavirus disease (COVID-19); or<br>(b) Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2); or<br>(c) any mutation or variation of SARS-CoV-2 or COVID-19</td></tr><tr><td>Curtail(ment)</td><td>Abandonment of the trip whilst Overseas to return to Singapore.</td></tr><tr><td>Dental Expenses</td><td>Reasonable and necessary charges for dental treatment due solely to an Accident, carried<br>out by a Dentist practicing within the scope of his/her license, and not exceeding the usual<br>level of charges for similar treatment in the locality where the expense is incurred and does<br>not include charges that would not have been made if no insurance existed.<br>This does not include dental treatment due to tooth or gum or oral diseases, or from normal wearing out of Your teeth.</td></tr><tr><td>Dentist</td><td>A registered practitioner qualified by a degree in dentistry who is licensed and practicing<br>within the scope of his/her license according to the laws of the country in which such<br>practice is maintained and shall not include You or Your relatives.</td></tr><tr><td>Doctor</td><td>A registered practitioner qualified by a medical degree in western medicine who is licensed<br>and practicing within the scope of his/her license according to the laws of the country in<br>which such practice is maintained and shall not include You or Your relatives.</td></tr><tr><td>Family Member</td><td>Your Partner, child, parent, parent-in-law, grandparent, or sibling.</td></tr><tr><td>Hijack</td><td>Any unlawful seizure or the exercise of control by force of a Public Transport.</td></tr><tr><td>Hospital</td><td>An establishment duly constituted and licensed as a medical institution for the treatment of<br>sick and injured persons as bed-paying patients, and that:<br>(a) Provides facilities for diagnosis, treatment and surgery; and<br>(b) Provides twenty-four (24) hours nursing services by registered graduate nurses and<br>is supervised by full-time staff of Doctors at all times; and<br>(c) Is not primarily a clinic, a mental institution, a place for custodial care or facility for<br>alcoholics or drug addicts, a spa, or hydroclinic or a nursing or convalescent home<br>or a home for the aged or such similar establishments</td></tr><tr><td>Hospitalised or Hospitalisation</td><td>Being confined in a Hospital as a registered in-patient under the care of a Doctor because of<br>medical necessity (and not merely for any form of nursing, convalescence, rehabilitation or<br>extended care). One day of hospitalisation means a continuous 24-hour period and for<br>which room and board has been charged.</td></tr></table>
