<table><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 33 - ADDITIONAL ACCIDENTAL DEATH AND PERMANENT DISABLEMENT BENEFIT WHILE ON SCHEDULED FLIGHT<br>(APPLICABLE TO KRISFLYER MEMBER ONLY)</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>When an Accident happens whilst travelling as a fare-paying passenger on a Scheduled Flight which causes Your:<br>(a) Death within ninety (90) days from the date of Accident; or<br>(b) Permanent Disablement within one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of the Accident<br>‘Scheduled Flight’ refers to Scoot flight and/or Scoot affiliated flight which corresponds to the flight details as issued by Scoot.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will pay the benefit amount under this Section according to the ‘What We will pay’ under Section 1 - Accidental Death & Permanent Disablement.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 34 - TREATMENT BY PHYSICIAN (APPLICABLE TO KRISFLYER MEMBER FOR RETURN TRIPS ONLY)</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>If, whilst You are Overseas on a trip, You suffer Injury or Illness and seek medical treatment Overseas.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will pay for medical expenses for treatment by licensed physiotherapist, traditional Chinese medical practitioner, acupuncturist, or chiropractor up to the Sum Insured stated under this section.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 35 - RENTAL CAR LATE FEES (APPLICABLE TO KRISFLYER MEMBER FOR RETURN TRIPS ONLY)</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>If, whilst You are Overseas on a trip, You suffer an Injury or Illness resulting in Hospitalisation, and You are returning your rented car after the agreed time.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will reimburse You for the late return charges incurred by You, up to the Sum Insured under this Section.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 36 - LEGAL EXPENSES AND ASSISTANCE WHILST OVERSEAS (APPLICABLE TO KRISFLYER MEMBER FOR RETURN TRIPS<br>ONLY)</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>In the event You need to claim compensation if someone else causes your illness, injury or death.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will reimburse up to the Sum Insured under this Section for Your legal costs which You have paid to pursue a civil action for compensation against someone else who causes Your bodily injury, illness or death.<br>Any reimbursement by Us under this Section is subject to the following conditions:<br>1. You must advise Us of any offers of settlement made by the negligent third party and You must not accept any such offer<br>2. We may, take proceedings in Your name to recover compensation from any third party for any legal costs incurred under this Policy. You must give Us any assistance We require from You and any amount recovered shall belong to Us<br>3. If any claim covered under this Policy is also covered by another legal expenses policy or would have been covered if this Policy did not exist, We will only pay our share of the claim even if the other insurer refuses the claim</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr></table>


# PART 6: GENERAL CONDITIONS


The conditions listed here apply to the whole Policy. Your insurance cover under this Policy is valid only if You follow these conditions.


## 1. Policy Contract


This Policy, the Certificate of Insurance and any endorsements thereof shall constitute the entire contract of insurance. No change to the terms and conditions of this Policy shall be valid unless approved in writing by Us and such approval shall be endorsed hereon.


We reserve the right to make changes to the Policy's terms and conditions by giving You written notice of at least 30 days.
