<table><tr><td>TERM</td><td>MEANING</td></tr><tr><td>Illness</td><td>Worsening physical health not caused by an Accident, for which You need medical<br>treatment by a Doctor, commencing and manifesting itself whilst Overseas and within the<br>Period of Insurance, excluding any Pre-Existing Medical Condition.</td></tr><tr><td>Injury</td><td>Damage or harm that is caused to the body by an external force sustained during the Period<br>of Insurance and caused solely by an Accident.</td></tr><tr><td>KrisFlyer Member</td><td>You must be a current and valid KrisFlyer Member at the time Your Policy is issued and at<br>the time the loss is incurred.</td></tr><tr><td>Loss of Speech and Hearing</td><td>Total and irrecoverable loss of speech and hearing which is beyond remedy by surgical or<br>other treatment as certified by the attending Doctor.</td></tr><tr><td>Loss of Limb</td><td>Complete severance of, or irrecoverable loss of use of, hand at or above the wrist or a foot<br>at or above the ankle, as certified by the attending Doctor.</td></tr><tr><td>Loss of Sight</td><td>Total and irrecoverable loss of sight beyond remedy by surgical or other treatment.</td></tr><tr><td>Medical Assistance Provider</td><td>The authorised vendor appointed by Us to provide You with travel assistance and<br>emergency medical services as specified in this Policy.</td></tr><tr><td>Medical Expenses</td><td>Expenses necessarily and reasonably incurred for medical treatment of bodily Injury or<br>Illness by a Doctor covered under this Policy.<br>Any treatment by a specialist must be referred by the attending Doctor and shall not exceed the usual level of charges for similar treatment or medical supplies in the location where the expenses are incurred had this insurance not existed.</td></tr><tr><td>Money</td><td>Legal tender currency notes.</td></tr><tr><td>Natural Disaster</td><td>Any event or force of nature that has catastrophic consequences, such as avalanche,<br>earthquake, flood, forest fire, hurricane, tornado, tsunami, or volcanic eruption.</td></tr><tr><td>Overseas</td><td>The countries beyond the territorial limits of Singapore.</td></tr><tr><td>Partner</td><td>Your partner, who can be a legal spouse or someone whom You have a relationship with as<br>a couple and who is currently residing with You for at least six (6) months before the time of<br>Your Injury or Illness.</td></tr><tr><td>Period of Insurance</td><td>The period during which Your cover under this Policy is effective, as specified in the<br>Certificate of Insurance.</td></tr><tr><td>Permanent Disablement</td><td>Injury which:<br>(a) falls into one of the Injuries listed in the Scale of Compensation table under<br>Section 1-Accidental Death & Permanent Disablement; and<br>(b) has lasted for a continuous period of 365 days from the date of the Accident, with<br>no hope of improvement at the end of that period as certified by the attending<br>Doctor</td></tr><tr><td>Permanent Total Disablement</td><td>Injury which:<br>(a) totally prevents You from working in any occupation or attending to any business<br>whatsoever or if You have no business or occupation, from attending to Your usual<br>duties; and<br>(b) has lasted for a continuous period of 365 days from the date of the Accident, with<br>no hope of improvement at the end of that period as certified by the attending<br>Doctor</td></tr><tr><td>Pre-Existing Medical Condition</td><td>Any Injury which:<br>(a) You have received medical treatment, diagnosis, consultation, or prescribed drugs<br>within 365 days prior to Your trip; or<br>(b) symptoms or manifestations have existed, whether treatment was actually<br>received, within 365 days prior to Your trip; or<br>(c) a reasonable person in the circumstances would be expected to be aware of within<br>365 days prior to Your trip</td></tr><tr><td>Public Place</td><td>Any place to which the public has access to, including but not limited to shops, airport<br>check-in area, train stations, hotel grounds, restaurants, beaches, and public toilets.</td></tr><tr><td>Public Transport</td><td>Any land, sea, rail, or air conveyance with fixed and established routes and which are duly<br>licensed for the transportation of fare paying passengers. This excludes rental vehicles, taxis<br>and all modes of transportation that are chartered or arranged as part of a tour, even if the<br>services are regularly scheduled.</td></tr><tr><td>Scheduled Flight</td><td>Scoot flight and/or Scoot affiliated flight which corresponds to the flight details as issued by<br>Scoot.</td></tr></table>
