<table><tr><td>TERM</td><td>DEFINITION</td></tr><tr><td>Family member</td><td>The insured person's husband or wife, child, parent, stepparent, parent-in-law, grandparent, grandparent-in-law, great-grandparent, great-grandparent-in-law, grandchild, great-grandchild, brother, brother-in-law, sister, sister-in-law.</td></tr><tr><td>Home</td><td>Your residential address and the address of any insured person in Singapore.</td></tr><tr><td>Hospital</td><td>A lawful establishment set up to care for and treat sick and injured people, and which has 24-hour nursing services provided by registered graduate nurses, one or more doctors available at all times and organised facilities for diagnosis and major surgery. This must not be mainly a clinic, a place for alcoholics or drug addicts, a nursing, rest or convalescent home, community hospital, home for the aged, or a similar establishment.</td></tr><tr><td>Illness</td><td>Any sudden and unexpected deterioration of health of an insured person due to a medical condition contracted, which began or developed during the journey outside Singapore, which needs treatment by a doctor or TCM practitioner.</td></tr><tr><td>Immediate family member</td><td>The legal husband or wife, parent, biological child, legally adopted child or brother or sister of an insured person.</td></tr><tr><td>Injury</td><td>Bodily injury which happens during the journey, caused only and directly by an accident and not by physical impairment, sickness, disease or anything which happens gradually and affects physical or mental health.</td></tr><tr><td>Insured, policyholder, you, your</td><td>The person named as Insured or Policyholder in the schedule.</td></tr><tr><td>Insured person, insured persons</td><td>The person or people described in the schedule, who live in Singapore for whom the insurance is arranged. Children are not named in the schedule unless travelling on their own.</td></tr><tr><td>Inpatient</td><td>means an in-patient stay in the hospital by the insured person where the treatment is being received for which room and board charges were made by the hospital, and this excludes in-patient stay by the insured person under observation in a ward.</td></tr><tr><td>Journey, trip</td><td>1. Under TravelEasy® cover:<br/>a) For a single return trip:<br/>A full return trip lasting no more than 182 days in a row during the period of insurance, beginning at the time the insured person leaves their home or workplace within Singapore for the purpose of travelling abroad and ending up to three hours after the insured person returns to Singapore or on the end date of the period of insurance shown in the schedule, whichever is sooner.<br/>b) For an annual plan:<br/>A trip lasting no more than 90 days in a row during the period of insurance, beginning at the time the insured person leaves their home or workplace within Singapore for the purpose of travelling abroad and ending up to three hours after the insured person returns to Singapore or on the end date of the period of insurance shown in the schedule, whichever is sooner.</td></tr><tr><td>2. Under TravelEasy® Pre-Ex cover:<br/>A single full return trip lasting no more than 30 days in a row during the period of insurance, beginning at the time the insured person leaves their home or workplace within Singapore for the purpose of travelling abroad and ending up to three hours after the insured person returns to Singapore or on the end date of the period of insurance shown in the schedule, whichever is sooner.</td></tr><tr><td>Known event</td><td>means riot, strike, civil commotion, natural disaster or situations which threaten the insured person's health or disrupt their trip that were publicised or reported by the media or through travel advice issued by an authority (local or foreign) before the policy was taken up or before the trip was booked (in the case of an annual plan).</td></tr><tr><td>Laptop computer</td><td>means laptop or notebook, which is a mobile computer that comes with a non-detachable full-sized keyboard and a flip-up screen of at least 12 inches.</td></tr></table>
