<table><tr><td>What You must do</td><td>You must obtain written verification on the duration of the delay from the operator of the<br>Public Transport.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 14 - LOSS OF FREQUENT FLYER POINTS</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>When You purchase Your Scheduled Flight ticket using KrisFlyer Frequent Flyer Points and<br>Your trip is subsequently cancelled or curtailed due to the events covered under Section 11 -<br>Trip Cancellation or Section 12 - Trip Curtailment/Rearrangement.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will reimburse the unutilised, pre-paid and non-refundable costs of Your Scheduled<br>Flight and/or accommodation.<br>Any benefit payable under Section 11 - Trip Cancellation or 12 - Trip Curtailment/<br>Rearrangement will be reduced by any benefits already paid under Section 14 for the same<br>event.</td></tr><tr><td>What You must do</td><td>You must submit proof of Your KrisFlyer redemption for Your Scheduled Flight at the time of<br>claim.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 15 - TRAVEL MISCONNECTION</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>If, whilst You are Overseas on a trip, You miss Your confirmed onward connecting Public<br>Transport at the transfer point due to the late arrival of Your incoming confirmed Public<br>Transport with no alternative transportation made available to You within six (6) hours of<br>the actual arrival time of Your incoming Public Transport.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will pay the benefit amount, up to the Sum Insured under this Section, for every full six<br>(6) consecutive hours of misconnection.<br>The duration of the misconnection is calculated from the actual arrival time of the scheduled<br>Public Transport to the actual departure time of the alternative Public Transport that You<br>were travelling in.</td></tr><tr><td>What You must do</td><td>You must obtain written proof of the duration of the travel misconnection from the operator<br>of Your Public Transport.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 16 - BAGGAGE DELAY</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>If, whilst You are Overseas on a trip, Your checked-in baggage is delayed by the Public<br>Transport at the scheduled destination.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will pay the benefit amount, up to the Sum Insured under this Section, for every six (6)<br>consecutive hours of delay.<br>For the avoidance of doubt, the benefit amount is based on per Public Transport that is<br>delayed, not on each piece of baggage.<br>This Policy will only pay for one claim made either under Section 16 or Section 17 - Loss of/<br>Damage to Personal Belongings.</td></tr><tr><td>What You must do</td><td>You must obtain written proof of the duration of the delay from the operator of the Public<br>Transport.</td></tr><tr><td>What is not covered</td><td>Refer General Exclusions.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">SECTION 17 - LOSS OF/DAMAGE TO PERSONAL BELONGINGS</td></tr><tr><td>When We will pay</td><td>If, whilst You are Overseas on a trip, Your personal belongings are lost or damaged.</td></tr><tr><td>What We will pay</td><td>We will reimburse Your loss, up to the Sum Insured under this Section, provided they are<br>owned by You or entrusted to You. Our compensation to You is subject to:<br>(a) deduction for wear and tear and depreciation; and<br>(b) our discretion on whether to pay You for the loss, or repair or replace the article<br>For any article that forms part of a pair or set, We will pay a proportionate part of the value<br>of the pair or set that is lost or damaged.<br>This Policy will only pay for one claim made either under Section 16 - Baggage Delay or<br>Section 17.</td></tr></table>
