<table><tr><td>TERM</td><td>DEFINITION</td></tr><tr><td>Type of cover</td><td>The type of cover you chose when you applied for the insurance.<br/>1. TravelEasy® plans: Standard, Elite, Premier<br/>2. TravelEasy® Pre-Ex plans: Pre-Ex Standard, Pre-Ex Elite, Pre-Ex Premier<br/>3. Individual cover, adult and children cover or family cover<br/>4. Group cover<br/>This will be shown in the schedule. Anyone aged 70 or over is eligible for single return trip only. They can buy a yearly plan for the Standard plan only as long as the insurance is taken out before age 70 and can be renewed up to age 80.</td></tr><tr><td>Individual cover</td><td>A policy issued to you for the insured person named in the schedule.</td></tr><tr><td>Adult and children cover</td><td>A policy issued to you for you and your biological or legally adopted children.<br/>For single return trip travel, the insured persons must travel together on the same trip.<br/>For an annual plan, the insured persons do not have to travel together on any trip. However, any insured child under the age of 12 years must be accompanied by a parent or adult guardian for any trip made during the period of insurance. Only adult insured person is named in the schedule.</td></tr><tr><td>Family cover</td><td>A policy issued to you for the people named in the schedule as insured person who are travelling as a family. Only adult insured persons are named in the schedule.</td></tr><tr><td>Family</td><td>1. Under single return trip, means:<br/>a) you and your husband or wife travelling together on the same journey; or<br/>b) you and your husband or wife and your biological or legally adopted children travelling together on the same journey.<br/>2. Under annual plan, means:<br/>a) you and your husband or wife; or<br/>b) you and your husband or wife and your biological or legally adopted children.<br/>For an annual plan for family cover, the insured persons do not have to travel together on any trip. However, any insured child under the age of 12 years must be accompanied by a parent or adult guardian for any trip made during the period of insurance.<br/>There must be no more than seven insured persons under the family or adult and children cover.</td></tr><tr><td>Group cover</td><td>1. A policy issued to you taking out cover on behalf of two or more insured persons named in the schedule who are travelling as a group.<br/>2. For single return trip, the insured persons under a group cover must travel together on the same journey.</td></tr><tr><td>We, us, our, the company</td><td>MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.</td></tr></table>
