<table><tr><td>TERM</td><td>DEFINITION</td></tr><tr><td>Mobile device</td><td>refers to handheld devices like mobile phones, tablets, phablets, netbooks, personal digital assistants and similar equipment, excluding laptop computer.</td></tr><tr><td>Natural disaster</td><td>An event or force of nature that has catastrophic consequences, such as avalanche, earthquake, flood, typhoon, hurricane, tornado, tsunami or volcanic eruption.</td></tr><tr><td>Period of insurance</td><td>The period of insurance shown in the schedule.</td></tr><tr><td>Pre-existing medical condition</td><td>1. Under TravelEasy® cover, it means:<br/>Any pre-existing medical or physical conditions of any insured person which have needed consultation or treatment including any recurring, chronic or continuing illness or condition during the 12-month period before the start of the journey.<br/>For the purpose of an annual policy, we will treat medical or physical conditions for which a claim has been made on a previous journey as a pre-existing medical condition in terms of any future journey.<br/>2. Under TravelEasy® Pre-Ex cover, it means:<br/>Any pre-existing medical or physical conditions of any insured person which have needed consultation or treatment including any recurring, chronic or continuing illness or condition before the start of the journey.</td></tr><tr><td>Public transport</td><td>Any licensed and scheduled land, sea or air transport which has fixed and established routes and which any member of the public can join at a recognised stop and pay a fare. This excludes taxis, private hire vehicles such as buses or coaches that are chartered or arranged as part of a tour even if the services are regularly scheduled.</td></tr><tr><td>Region of travel</td><td>Area A<br/>Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, East and West Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam.<br/>Area B<br/>Australia, China (not including Inner Mongolia and Tibet), Hong Kong, India, Japan, Korea, Macau, New Zealand, Sri Lanka, Taiwan and including countries in Area A.<br/>Area C<br/>Worldwide, including countries in Areas A and B.</td></tr><tr><td>Schedule</td><td>The schedule containing details of you, any insured person, the type of cover you have chosen and the period of insurance. The schedule forms part of the policy.</td></tr><tr><td>Serious injury, serious illness</td><td>Means a critical or dangerous condition which, in the opinion of a doctor, needs urgent treatment to avoid death or serious impairment to a person's immediate or long-term health.</td></tr><tr><td>Serious medical condition</td><td>Means a condition which, in the opinion of the company or of MSIG Assist doctor, is a critically ill state of health that requires emergency medical treatment in order to avoid death or serious impairment to the insured person's immediate or long-term health.</td></tr><tr><td>TCM practitioner</td><td>A traditional Chinese medicine practitioner who is legally licensed medical practitioner, including acupuncturists and bonesetters, who is qualified to practise traditional Chinese medicine in line with the laws which apply in the country in which the practice is granted. The TCM practitioner must not be an insured person, an insured person's family member, travel companion, a business partner, an employee or employer of an insured person, or a person related to an insured person in any way.</td></tr><tr><td>Terminal illness</td><td>Means the conclusive diagnosis by a doctor of an illness that is expected to result in death within 12 months.</td></tr><tr><td>Travel companion</td><td>A person who has made travel bookings to accompany the insured person for the trip.</td></tr></table>
